In 18th century Beijing (18 March 1741), Wei Yingluo enters the court of the Qianlong Emperor, Aisin Gioro Hongli, as one of the palace embroiderers to secretly investigate her beloved sister's rape and subsequent mysterious death.

¹At first believing the imperial guard Fuca Fuheng to be the prime suspect, Yingluo schemes to approach his sister, the Empress Fuca Rongyin, and succeeds in getting transferred from her embroidery unit to the Empress's Changchun Palace as her maid. Over time, she learns that the Fuca siblings are honest and kindhearted people, innocent of the crime. Yingluo and Fuheng fall for each other. Fuheng, extremely handsome and righteous, was admired by many around the Palace, including Qianlong's Consort Chun who allies herself to Empress Fuca because of her crush on her brother, and by the empress's head handmaid, Erqing.

Yingluo's looks, cunning and ability to talk her way out of any situation catches the attention of Qianlong himself.

Though Yingluo is not noble by birth and is illiterate, the kindhearted Empress Fuca teaches her how to read and write, along with all the proper etiquette and mannerisms for noblewomen at the time. The empress saves her several times from punishment for probing too deeply into her sister's death. In turn, Yingluo helps Empress Fuca survive a series of maneuvers by her chief rivals. The two develop a tight friendship akin to sisterhood. In time, Yingluo discovers that her sister was raped by the son of the late Emperor Yongzheng, half-brother to the current emperor. To cover up the shameful act, the Prince's mother murdered Yingluo's sister. Yingluo hatches a plot to drive the culprit to her untimely death. Empress Fuca, for fear of Qianlong's fury over Yingluo's actions, banishes her to the palace sanitation unit to escape his decree of severe punishment. There, Yingluo befriends a conniving eunuch, Yuan Chunwang, who is subsequently revealed to be a bastard son of Emperor Yongzheng.

Without Yingluo, Empress Fuca falls victim to the machinations of Noble Consort Gao that puts her in a coma. News reaches Yingluo who secretly visits Empress Fuca's chamber to sit by her mistress's side and care for her. Yingluo's devotion to Empress Fuca touches Qianlong even more. His own feelings towards her made him forbid Fuheng and Yingluo from marrying. Yingluo persists in her love despite various punishments from the emperor, but Fuheng backs down, causing the two to become distant. The emperor eventually relent on his tough stance towards her and allow her to return as maid to the Empress. Empress Fuca eventually woke from her coma, and becomes pregnant again. She goes through almost life-ending labor to give birth to another son, who is immediately the target of assassination by the duplicitous Consort Chun. Meanwhile, Consort Xian purposefully makes a birthday party for the Empress Dowager go wrong, injuring several people and killing Noble Consort Gao, who was her nemesis since the very beginning. Consort Chun had been devastated for having been rejected by Fuheng, now strived to be the Emperor's new favorite and even borne a son, placing her in direct competition and conflict with her former friend, the Empress. One New Year's eve, Consort Chun devised a plan to kill the Empress's new baby. Empress Fuca was left devastated to lose another child. She seemingly committed suicide out of grief. After Empress Fuca's death, Yingluo is sent to live and guard over her mistress's grave at the Old Summer Palace. She stays there with Yuan Chunwang until one year (1750), during an imperial visit by Qianlong and his consorts to Fuca's grave, Yingluo learns that Consort Chun was responsible for her late mistress's suicide, and was torturing her friend and fellow maid of the late Empress. She decides once again to enter the Forbidden City and exact retribution on the evildoers.

In order to achieve the goal, Yingluo skillfully charms Qianlong, becoming part of his harem, and is bestowed a title. With meticulous planning, she quickly rose through the ranks, toppling her rivals one after another, including the villainess, now Noble Consort Chun, even insofar as exposing her role in Empress Fuca's death, which leads to her fall in the hands of Yingluo's archrival, the newly named Empress Hoifa-Nara (1751). Yingluo's captivation of Qianlong brings her numerous threats, none greater than that of her former sworn brother Yuan Chunwang. He, at Empress Hoifa-Nara's direction, revealed she was secretly taking birth control, that led to the revelation to her real reason for entering the harem. Qianlong, who had truly fallen for her, was shattered and instantly branded her out of favor. Yingluo in term, teamed up with the Empress Dowager, whose own relationship with Qianlong was put to the test through the Empress's schemes. The two women once most dear to Qianlong went into self-imposed exile. A few years later, another threat in the form newcomer Concubine Shun, a beautiful and cunning woman, called Yingluo back to the Forbidden City. Yingluo had set out to reclaim Qianlong's favor, but found herself befriended by her rival. As this was the Forbidden City, Shun had her own agenda. Framing Yingluo for attempted assassination, Concubine Shun deftly teams up with Empress Hoifa-Nara to put Yingluo under house arrest and pull strings to starve her nearly to death. Nevertheless, Yingluo is able to reverse her situation, reveal Shun's treachery, and reclaim Qianlong's affections for her. Having reached stalemate at this point, Yingluo negotiates for a truce with Hoifa-Nara on the condition that they both not harm any children of the palace in spite of the rivalry.

A decade later (1765), however, the nihilistic Yuan Chunwang, now Hoifa-Nara's trusted servant, betrays his new mistress by causing a series of mishaps in the palace that destabilized Hoifa-Nara's rule, and affected her sanity. Yuan Chunwang gradually used Hongzhou's, the Emperor's half-brother, affection for Hoifa-Nara to instigate a rebellion. They plotted to sabotage Qianlong's Southern river tour in order to seize power and, in Hongzhou's mind, free the Empress from her eroding position. On a chosen night, a band of rebels suddenly storms onto the royal vessel just as a fire engulfs the Empress Dowager's cabin, prompting Qianlong to charge into the flaming cabin to save his mother, seemingly perishing himself in the process.

The next morning, as Hongzhou gallantly appears to restore order from the overnight coup, Qianlong and the Empress Dowager emerge safely from a secret passageway designed by Fuheng and expose Hongzhou's plan of treachery. As it turns out, Hongzhou was betrayed by the Empress, who always loved Qianlong and wanted to use Hongzhou's rebellion to prove her devotion to her husband. Just then, Consort Ling comes out of hiding under the protection of the Emperor's guards, the only consort to receive protection. This clear favorism after all her years of devotion drove Hoifa-Nara mad. In a fit of rage and jealousy, she cuts off her own hair, a taboo in Manchu tradition analogous to an outcry for divorce, effectively cursing the entire Aisin Gioro clan. After Qianlong sentences Hongzhou to confinment and the Empress was dragged away, Yuan Chunwang proclaimed his innocence, only for Yingluo to reveal the real reason Yuan hated Qianlong so much. Yuan believed he was a bastard son of the late Yongzheng Emperor. The Empress Dowager loudly denies this. Her pity for his "wasted life" drives Yuan Chunwang into madness.

In the end, Empress Hoifa-Nara is permitted to keep her title, but loses her managerial authority in the imperial harem and all of the Emperor's affections. Wei Yingluo is elevated to the most powerful title: 'Imperial Noble Consort" and given the authority to manage the imperial harem.[7] 



See if this can show 
i wish i can complete this today
